acceptible  acceptable
accomodate  accommodate
acheive achieve
apparant    apparent
apparantly  apparently
calender    calendar
catagory    category
collegue    colleague
concious    conscious
definately  definitely
disappear   dissappear
disappeared   dissappeared
dissappoint disappoint
dissappointed disappointed
existance   existence
fourty  forty
independant independent
independantly independently
neccessary  necessary
occurance   occurrence
occurence   occurrence
persistant  persistent
posession   possession
publically  publicly
realy   really
resistence  resistance
succesful  successful
successfull  successful
succesfull  successful
threshhold  threshold
therefor    therefore
tommorrow    tomorrow
truely  truly
untill  until
whereever   wherever
wich    which
